---
title: Project Management
date: 2025.10.08
order: 2
---

## Agenda
1. Updates and announcements
2. Project Management Overveiw
3. Review of learning plans

## Meeting notes
Note-taker: Jeff

- Logistics: Next session is sechedule for 11/7. Command line workshop is scheduled for 12/3.
  
- Opening question: do Charlie & Jennifer have any questions about their logs?
  - Jennifer: does formatting matter?
    - Answer from Jeff: no, whatever works for the fellows is fine.
  - Both: questions about yaml formatting?
    - Answer from Alice: Yes! Make sure that it's in the correct place in the markdown documents and        that it is bracketed by "---" on both side.
  - Both: What is committing?
    - Answer from Jeff: we'll cover what this means during the command line session, but for now, fellows should just think of it as Github's version of "save."
    
 - Project management presentation
   - Slides are in the program. Some project-specific ideas that were discussed:
     - Stakeholders: Jennifer has a pretty clear one in May Chang. Whatever is produced needs to have her sign-off, so she should be consulted through the project.
     - Stakeholders: Charlie & Jennifer should remember to consider their own thoughts and capacity while planning.
     - Extra details: Alice uses a [slighlty modified version](https://digbmc.github.io/dsgf/resources/project-charter-template-ds.html) of the project charter Jeff shared out. Extra topics included in it credit and attribution—who is listed as a project creatore and how materials are shared (default is open source)—and preservation (who will maintain the project and for how long).
    
- Reviewing Charlie & Jennifer's learning plans
  - Overall: these are really good! Both fellows have ironed out the key steps in their project through making SMART goals.
  - Minor feedback points:
    -  Jennifer: Depending on time, she should see if there are ways for her to do user testing (e.g., with high school students at local schools), supposing she has the time. She may also want to see if there are ways to collect viewing data in YouTube before the end of the project (Jeff).
    -  Charlie: Biggest issue might be getting map layers. The trickiest will be finding one that shows contemporary political borders for the sites in the project. They'll need to decide if that's something they want to spend time learning, or if it should be cut out in order to generate a MVP (Alice & Jeff)
   
### Business
- Review project management
- Discuss learning plans
- Markdown stuff

### Project management
- [Today's Presentation from Jeff](https://brynmawr-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/jhopkins1_brynmawr_edu/Ec4njUT5qfhKq_tUatfohwEB061NS9LmIAbpQlwpTOFrYA?e=HNZnuw)
- [Blank versions of EAST Project Charter](https://brynmawr.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/EAST-Dev-AskAthenaStyleGuide2/ETtDMTDEhVdPhe1sYwdKrNUBcE3eJitdplpLGWZmT-3C1Q?e=9Eggxg): make use of this if your want to. 

## Reminders and action items
- [ ] Make edits to learning plans, if needed
- [ ] Develop project charters or other way of managing project
- [ ] Update logs by 10/22
- [ ] [Review the markdown guide](https://markdownguide.offshoot.io/basic-syntax/)
- [ ] Next session: 11/7, GIS with Tessa


